Update solutions of algebra section (#60)
drvinceknight/pfm: book/tools-for-mathematics/02-algebra/solutions/main.md

quadratic = 4 * x ** 2 + 16 * x + 25
sym.discriminant(quadratic)
```
 
This is negative so we know that the equation does not have any real solutions and
hence the graph does not cross the x-axis. 

> Since the coefficient of $x^2$ is positive it means that the whole curve is above 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the coefficient of $x^2$ is positive it means that the graph is above 
```

sym.discriminant(quadratic)
```

This is negative so we know that the equation does not have any real solutions and
hence the graph does not cross the x-axis. 

> Since the coefficient of $x^2$ is negative it means that the whole curve is below 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the coefficient of $x^2$ is negative it means that the graph is below 
```
